Mr. Chen's shares rose sharply
We bought enough to trade
And he didn't disappoint.
Once tested, it came out
I always feel
He has a special sensitivity to stock numbers
Mr. Chen, you have spent so much effort
Just to test him
Or else?
I didn't want to be the behind-the-scenes trader
What? Did you read that right?
Is it a big red palm?
It's the eldest, but Sister Na, this may be a fluke
Let's not just meet him
But the rainbow has clearly fallen through the sky
How is that possible?
It's normal to be quiet
Sister Na, don't worry about it.
The position of planning director
It's for you, Sister Na
No one can compete with me for the position of director of the planning department
Humph
What, I deducted a month's salary as soon as I started work?
Sorry, I didn't expect the boss to do that either.
It's alright, this
Brother is rich
Son, keep the money you earn and spend it yourself.
Oops mom what did you say
We are family after all
Muzi fish, go out
Be obedient
Listen to mom
You go out first, brother
You go out first
Muzi fish is the brother brought in by the stepmother
Although not related to me by blood
But he took good care of me
I think
He is the world
The best brother